1

On Christmas day, Donald Trump announced that he would  be back to work  the following day, but he is golfing for the fourth day in a row. The former reality show star blasted former President Barack Obama for playing golf and now Trump is on track to outpace the number of golf games his predecessor played.Updated my tracker of Trump s appearances at Trump properties.71 rounds of golf including today s. At this pace, he ll pass Obama s first-term total by July 24 next year. https://t.co/Fg7VacxRtJ pic.twitter.com/5gEMcjQTbH  Philip Bump (@pbump) December 29, 2017 That makes what a Washington Post reporter discovered on Trump s website really weird, but everything about this administration is bizarre AF. The coding contained a reference to Obama and golf:  Unlike Obama, we are working to fix the problem   and not on the golf course.  However, the coding wasn t done correctly.The website of Donald Trump, who has spent several days in a row at the golf course, is coded to serve up the following message in the event of an internal server error: https://t.co/zrWpyMXRcz pic.twitter.com/wiQSQNNzw0  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017That snippet of code appears to be on all https://t.co/dkhw0AlHB4 pages, which the footer says is paid for by the RNC? pic.twitter.com/oaZDT126B3  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017It s also all over https://t.co/ayBlGmk65Z. As others have noted in this thread, this is weird code and it s not clear it would ever actually display, but who knows.  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017After the coding was called out, the reference to Obama was deleted.UPDATE: The golf error message has been removed from the Trump and GOP websites. They also fixed the javascript  =  vs  ==  problem. Still not clear when these messages would actually display, since the actual 404 (and presumably 500) page displays a different message pic.twitter.com/Z7dmyQ5smy  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 29, 2017That suggests someone at either RNC or the Trump admin is sensitive enough to Trump s golf problem to make this issue go away quickly once people noticed. You have no idea how much I d love to see the email exchange that led us here.  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 29, 2017 The code was f-cked up.The best part about this is that they are using the  =  (assignment) operator which means that bit of code will never get run. If you look a few lines up  errorCode  will always be  404          (@tw1trsux) December 28, 2017trump s coders can t code. Nobody is surprised.  Tim Peterson (@timrpeterson) December 28, 2017Donald Trump is obsessed with Obama that his name was even in the coding of his website while he played golf again.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images.

2

Ronald Reagan is largely seen as the Messiah of the Republican Party. Despite how long it has been since the man was president, he has always remained the high standard of GOP morality for potential office holders. That is, until now. Reagan is likely rolling over in his grave at the idea of the state of his party with Donald Trump as its standard-bearer, and he s likely doing the same at the prospect of a bigoted accused child molester like Roy Moore (R-AL) being the next GOP Senator from Alabama. Well, now Reagan has another reason to hate Moore: He s clearly in the pocket of Russian autocrat Vladimir Putin just like Donald Trump is.During an interview where he s talking about Americans being the face of  evil  in the world right now, Moore indicates that Putin s harsh and murderous treatment of LGBTQ people in Russia is something he would like to see happen in the United States. Then, he does something most appalling, and goes on to give Putin a message in Russian. Now, no one knows where a bigoted, backwoods buffoon like Roy Moore would learn Russian. After all, he s barely left Alabama, where he has spent the last 40+ years wreacking havoc and just basically cementing Alabama s place as America s bigoted boil on the butt of humanity wherever and whenever he can. However, he managed to learn enough Russian to dog whistle to Putin in that interview. That should disturb us all. Not only is the man being a homophobe, a racist, a misogynist, and more than likely a child molester, he s also a Russian stooge.America, we can do better. We have enough Russian puppets at the highest levels of government. Lord knows we don t need one in the United States Senate.Watch the appalling video below:Please watch this until the end, Roy Moore sides with Putin over Reagan, says that America is the focus of evil in the world, and sends a nice message to Putin in Russian. pic.twitter.com/wFgDkvzEhT  The Reagan Battalion (@ReaganBattalion) December 10, 2017Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images

3

By now, the whole world knows that Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore (R-Of Course) was banned from an Alabama mall and the YMCA for creeping on little girls. He has been accused of molesting young girls as young as age fourteen. Of course, when the allegations first came out and the uproar and backlash began, everyone, regardless of politics, reacted with outrage. However, the GOP s outrage was often much more muted. Further, it took awhile for the Republican National Committee to pull their support for Moore, despite the deeply disturbing allegations of his being a pedophile. Well, now that the rage has died down, the RNC is back with a new message regarding this Senate race: Better a pedophile than a Democrat.Under cover of night, the RNC reinstated their support for Roy Moore, and an RNC official confirmed to The Hill that, quote, We can confirm our involvement in the Alabama Senate race. So, there you have it, folks. They literally want a child molester in the United States Senate rather than a Democrat. There are only a few voices from the right who are being brave on this one   and none of them are seeking re-election. Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney tweeted that the GOP must not tolerate Moore:Roy Moore in the US Senate would be a stain on the GOP and on the nation. Leigh Corfman and other victims are courageous heroes. No vote, no majority is worth losing our honor, our integrity.  Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) December 4, 2017Outgoing Arizona GOP Senator Jeff Flake has actually said that he would vote for the Democratic candidate, Doug Jones, if he lived in Alabama, and former Jeb Bush adviser Tim Miller has actually endorsed and donated to Jones. Outgoing Pennsylvania moderate Republican Charlie Dent said he never supported Moore in the first place. Here s the video of Dent s takedown of Moore:There is also outspoken Trump critic and longtime GOP strategist Steve Schmidt, who went on national television and called Moore a pedophile:Other than that, though, it has been radio silence. After all, they need that vote. Besides, let s face it   the GOP writ large showed America and the world what they stand for when they elected Donald Trump.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images


4

For the first time since taking office, Donald Trump will be reunited with Vladimir Putin and he s very excited about it. His advisors, however, are not. They are shaking in their boots at the idea that Trump will go overboard in exuberance and potentially implicate himself, and presumably some of them, in collusion.While Trump is cutting off media access in many areas, including with a camera and audio blackout at press briefings, for the meeting with Putin, he wants the media to see it all. His advisors are pushing for something much more low-key and even for something that doesn t involve Trump at all.Trump and some others within his administration have been pressing for a full bilateral meeting. He s calling for media access and all the typical protocol associated with such sessions, even as officials within the State Department and National Security Council urge more restraint, according to a current and a former administration official.Some advisers have recommended that the president instead do either a quick, informal  pull-aside  on the sidelines of the summit, or that the U.S. and Russian delegations hold  strategic stability talks,  which typically don t involve the presidents. The officials spoke anonymously to discuss private policy discussions.Source: Associated PressTrump s goal for the meeting is particularly troubling. He wants to roll back all the Obama-era sanctions on Russia and would like to partner with them in Syria, despite the fact that Russia is on the wrong side of a rebellion against Bashar al-Assad s brutal, dictatorial regime. Assad, as you may recall, used chemical weapons against his own people.Those optics aren t what Trump s advisors are afraid of, though. They are afraid that Trump will be, well Trump. A man who has no verbal filter.There are big risks, though. Trump is known to veer off-script, creating the possibility for a high-stakes diplomatic blunder. In a brief Oval Office meeting with top Russian diplomats last month, Trump revealed highly classified information about an Islamic State group threat to airlines that was relayed to him by Israel, according to a senior administration official. The White House defended the disclosures as  wholly appropriate. In other words, it s entirely within the realm of possibility that Trump will hug Putin and thank him, in front of cameras, for all his help during the election. Remember when Trump met with the Russian ambassador and spy chief in the White House? It was about the happiest we ve ever seen him.Hard facts: last April Trump promised Russia s ambassador a  good deal.  Hacking began. Kislyak asked for an end to sanctions. Trump: *yes*. pic.twitter.com/67dzaKpLeX  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) June 19, 2017It s pretty clear that Trump can t contain his giddiness over his country crush. That s bad enough. Imagine how terrified his advisors are at the idea that Trump may one day have to testify in front of Congress or a judge. For the rest of us, though, the meeting could be the moment Trump seals his own fate.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images


5

The walls are closing in on Donald Trump s Attorney General.In the aftermath of James Comey s damning Senate testimony, Jeff Sessions quickly canceled his upcoming public testimony in front of House and Senate committees this week after previously agreeing to do so.The main reason Sessions does not want to testify publicly is because he fears that he will be asked about  issues related to the investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 election. Indeed, Sessions would be asked such questions and he should be.Former FBI Director James Comey testified on Thursday that he felt he could not discuss with Sessions his concerns about Trump trying to kill the Russia investigation. You see, Sessions was about to be exposed for his own trysts with Russian officials, which made Sessions untrustworthy. Our judgment, as I recall, is that he was very close to and inevitably going to recuse himself for a variety of reasons,  Comey recalled.  We also were aware of facts that I can t discuss in an opening setting that would make his continued engagement in a Russia-related investigation problematic. So now what would have been a public hearing for all to see will now apparently take place in the shadows as Sessions is preparing to speak privately with the Senate Intelligence Committee instead.Clearly, Sessions is panicking in the wake of Comey s testimony. He got caught committing perjury during his confirmation hearing earlier this year when he failed to disclose several meetings he had with Russian officials during the 2016 campaign, including a meeting with Sergey Kislyak, the same Russian official whom disgraced former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn repeatedly met with and spoke to during the transition, an act he lied about and for which he was fired.Sessions might as well resign in disgrace now while he has a chance. If he can t man up and face questions about Russian interference in the 2016 Election then it is obvious that he has something to hide and he doesn t want to lie about it in public for all to see.Featured image via Shawn Thew-Pool/Getty Images

6

In another despicable headline focused on the actions of President Trump, Forbes reported on Tuesday that Trump has funneled over $100,000 in St. Jude Children s Hospital donations into Trump Organization revenue.Trump s son Eric hosts an annual golf tournament to raise millions for the St. Jude children s Research Hospital. The Eric Trump Foundation reportedly funneled $100,000 of the donations right back to Trump s golf courses   to take care of  incurred expenses    instead of going to the charity where the donors had been promised they would go.To top this off, over the past 10 years $500,000 of donated money was conveniently  re-donated  to different charities, including ones connected to family members of Trump. Most of these organizations were using the Trump golf courses for the fund raising tournaments, meaning Trump could have been making additional hundreds-of-thousands off of charities over the yers.The order to bill the Eric Trump charitable foundation for obscene amounts of donated money came directly from Trump himself, says the report. This means that not only did Trump swindle charity money, he also broke federal and New York state laws on misleading donors and self-dealing.The President had announced that he would dissolve his charitable foundation to avoid what people might consider conflicts of interest, but he has yet to act on that promise. New York state s attorney general isn t going to allow him to do anything of the sort while a criminal probe of the charity is on-going. The Trump Foundation is still under investigation by this office and cannot legally dissolve until that investigation is complete,  said Attorney General spokesperson Amy Spitalnick, in December.Really? Hundreds-of-thousands from kids with cancer? Speechless.Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images

7

Oil leaks that pose catastrophic risks to the environment, people and water were the reason thousands of protesters risked their lives to stop the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Millions of others around the world showed their support for the protesters and the rights of all people to have access to clean water and a healthy environment.Tragically, the fears of clean water activists around the world are already coming true. The Associated Press reports the Dakota Access Pipeline has already spilled oil onto American soil three separate times   before it s even been fully constructed.According to the North Dakota Health Department, a leaky flange in a pipeline terminal spilled 84 gallons of oil on March 3, in Watford City. The spill was quickly contained and oil flow was stopped on site. According to the department, the contaminated soil and snow were removed and no waterways, people or wildlife were harmed.Two days later a leak of 20 gallons was reported in a rural area of Mercer County by the Federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. Again, they stated that no waterways, people or wildlife were harmed.The incident report faults a manufacturing defect as the caused a valve failure and the subsequent leak, which was isolated by closing valves upstream and downstream. All other valves were later inspected and given the OK.Despite the ETP insisting that the pipeline is safe, several native Dakota tribes still fear the future environmental havoc of this 1,200-mile pipeline that will start commercial operation on June 1st.The Standing Rock, Cheyenne River, Oglala Sioux and Yankton Tribes are still fighting to stop the pipeline from operating. They are currently working in court to convince a federal judge to shut it down.The pipeline leaked a third time on April 4th. Eighty-four gallons were spilled at a rural pump station in South Dakota. The SD Department of Environment and Natual Resources reported the spill to its online database but kept it quiet from the public. Apparently, the department s policy is to conduct a press release only if the spill  threatens waterways or public health. In the fight to stop the DAPL, attorneys and local Tribal leaders are using these leaks as evidence that additional environmental reviews are necessary before it becomes fully operational. We have always said it is not a matter of if, but when,  tribal attorney Jan Hasselman said after the South Dakota leak.  Pipelines spill and leak. It s just a fact. 

8

 I think that maybe I wouldn t be here if it wasn t for Twitter,  Donald Trump told Fox News earlier this year.  This possibility apparently has Twitter co-founder Evan Williams staying up at night, as he just apologized for any role Twitter played in putting Orange Mussolini in the White House. It s a very bad thing, Twitter s role in that,  Williams told the New York Times in an article published Saturday.  If it s true that he wouldn t be president if it weren t for Twitter, then yeah, I m sorry. This isn t the first time Williams has expressed dismay at the impact of social media on Trump s message  of hate.   What we tend to forget is that Zeus was so pissed at Prometheus that he chained him to a rock so eagles could peck out his guts for eternity,  he said in a commencement speech at the University of Nebraska earlier this month.  Some would say that s what we deserve for giving the power of tweets to Donald Trump. Unfortunately, Trump is correct that Twitter played a huge role in swinging his election his way   especially with numerous paid Russian trolls on his side spreading lies about his opponent.Even more unfortunately, the lies and hate he continues to tweet as President* are continuing to have a deleterious impact on our nation.Featured image via Getty Images/Pool

9

Sean Spicer s is having a very, very bad day.While the Jewish community celebrated Passover, Spicer claimed that Adolf Hitler never gassed people. After immediate backlash, Spicer said he meant Hitler never gassed German citizens. After another immediate backlash, Spicer said he meant Hitler never specifically bombed people with chemical weapons, merely gassed them in concentration camps (which he bizarrely called  holocaust centers ). By this point, he had proven his original point was nonsensical and still offensive, while also proving that he was a bad liar.It would take him a few more hours   and a call from the Israeli government asking that he resign  before he got around to begrudgingly apologizing. And he managed to screw that up too.While speaking with CNN s Wolf Blitzer, Spicer claimed he didn t want his Hitler comments to be a  distraction  from Trump s efforts. What efforts exactly? Allow Spicer, seen here stepping on every metaphorical rake in the yard, to explain with characteristic rambling, jumbled sentences:I needed to make sure I clarified and not in any way, shape or form any more of a distraction from the president s decisive action in Syria and the attempts that he s making to destabilize the region.Sean accidentally just said the quiet part loud. Oops.Wow: While apologizing for Hitler gaffe, Spicer literally says he doesn't want to distract from Trump's attempts "to destabilize the region" pic.twitter.com/jlCwC93Wn4  Tommy Christopher (@tommyxtopher) April 11, 2017Even Trump s own staff are quietly admitting to reporters that his Syrian policy is that he has no policy. Some mistakenly thought his order to launch 59 missiles at a Syrian airbase was the start of some coherent plan, but that idea quickly fell apart. Trump s son Eric would clear things up when he openly admitted Trump impulsively decided to issue the strike after his daughter Ivanka asked him to.Instead, Trump s Middle Eastern efforts continue to be haphazard and counterproductive. Thanks to Spicer, we now know that somewhere in the deepest parts of their brains, this administration knows that.As an added bonus, here s Blitzer telling the White House Press Secretary how to correctly pronounce Assad s name after Spicer repeatedly botches it..@PressSec continues to be unable to pronounce Assad's name so Wolf kindly helps him out pic.twitter.com/iQNFxCDsFn  Jon Passantino (@passantino) April 11, 2017Featured image via Twitter

10

You may not have noticed, but Donald Trump is an egomaniacal narcissist who has no concept of reality. This can be seen in almost every tweet, meltdown and decision that he makes. He has no clue what he s doing and belongs nowhere near the Oval Office.All that being said, he personally thinks he s wonderful and likely believes his sh*t smells like a spring meadow.However, he s also a bit of a dumbass, and all of these Trump qualities perfectly came out in a statement he just made aboard Air Force One overheard by NBC News  reporter Peter Alexander.According to Alexander, Trump said: I think we ve had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of the presidency. BREAKING: Pres Trump on AF1:"I think we ve had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of the presidency."  Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) April 6, 2017First of all, let s point out the obvious. Well, no, there s a lot obviously wrong with that statement, but let s begin by pointing out that it s only been eleven weeks since his inauguration as *president.Secondly, Rep. Maxine Water (D-CA) said it best with this tweet:#Fakenews pic.twitter.com/kma51XCWk7  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) April 6, 2017It really doesn t get much faker than that.It s hard to believe that it s only been eleven weeks since Trump took office. So hard to believe, in fact, he doesn t seem to realize it himself.Trump is not only one of the most chaotic forces to ever inhabit the White House, but he s also seemingly equally as divisive and destructive. What about these eleven weeks does he deem a success? If being the best at being the worst is deemed successful, then job well done.At least we know that when no one is around to stroke his ego, he has no problem doing it himself. You know, because that s a quality you want in someone who was hired to serve others and be selfless.(*pending the ongoing FBI investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election)Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
